this video clip demonstrates the
installation of duty crew software
firstly you will be presented with a new
license agreement when you attempt to
mount the dmg file which you downloaded
from one of the duty crew websites
the installation itself is a simple
drag-and-drop process you may be
required to authenticate the
installation if you are not a machine
administrator once the installation is
complete simply double-click on the
applications folder alias in the window
to go to the applications folder where
you will find the newly installed duty
group folder which contains the duty
groove software duty crew software does
not use any directories other than this
one and leaves no debris behind if it is
removed for any reason whatsoever the
duty crew application is the means by
which the duty crew software system is
started and stopped if you drag the duty
crew application to the dock it can be
launched very quickly from there the
engine controls button gives access to a
complete Apache web server with PHP the
controls are simple they are start
reload and stop in the event of errors
the system can be reset quite easily if
the controller has launched a Mozilla
based browser then you should use the
reload button if not then you should use
the stop and start buttons to reload the
server and to launch the compatible
browser in Mac OS 10 tiger safari is
unstable with our content editor this is
why we have had to bundle the software
with portable camino as you can see here
portable camino is launching because the
default browser is Safari had the
default browser pin Mozilla or Mozilla
based browser then the default browser
would have been launched instead as you
can see from the browser window the
judge crew software requires that you
enter your email address it needs to be
entered twice and should be the same
email address you used when you first
registered with GT crea
you
after entering your information the
system will then check online to see if
this machine has already been registered
in this case it has not so it needs to
be registered used to click here link
as you can see it uses the email address
you entered earlier when you click the
register this machine button you will go
online and be connected to the duty crew
registration system
your machine has now been identified
what it is not yet registered you need
to record a name for your machine which
will identify it to you and you should
also enter your password
your machine is now registered and the
process of generating a demonstration
key for your machine has begun the duty
crew registration systems will inform
you of the progress made by email those
emails will be from no dash reply at
duty crew dotnet the first email will
tell you that the instructions to
process keys on your behalf have been
sent you should now wait for additional
email from duty chrome in the next 15 to
20 minutes you should receive an email
from duty crew informing you that your
licenses have been uploaded as you can
see here seven minutes later they have
arrived
one email tells you that the license key
has been uploaded and the other is your
account password reminder
all you have to do is to click the stop
and start buttons on the controller to
reload the system and to launch the
browser to the correct page on your
machine
you
now that the machine has been registered
unloaded its keys you can see that they
have been loaded it has loaded a
demonstration key and the server and
code versions of the system are at the
bottom of the page you may switch
languages via the flag system at the top
of the page this can be done at almost
any point within the system and you may
login no password is needed for this
single user version shown here you are
now logged in the software is installed
and you're ready to make your first
website with this system